Faqs (#7242)
harness/developer-hub: kb/continuous-integration/continuous-integration-faqs.md

### What actions can I take to address the extended runtime of a Docker command, particularly when encountering timeouts during microdnf updates?
The prolonged runtime of Docker commands, often exacerbated by timeouts during microdnf updates, can be primarily attributed to network issues. To address this, you should verify the connectivity of the repomirror being utilized. Additionally, you could examine and potentially adjust the timeouts configured on the repomirror to enhance performance. These steps can help mitigate the impact of network-related delays and improve the efficiency of Docker operations.

### How can user access the secrets as files in a Docker build without writing them to layers?

> In the ‘build and push’ steps used to build Docker images have a context field in them. User can use the context field in the build and push steps, which mounts the current directory at /harness. By copying your files to a specific directory and then mounting it, you can avoid writing secrets into the Docker image layers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **build and push** steps used to build Docker images have a context field. Users can use the context field in the build and push steps to mount the current directory at `/harness`. By copying your files to a specific directory and then mounting them, you can avoid writing secrets into the Docker image layers.
```

### How can user prevent conflicts with Save Cache steps in parallel stages?

> Skip the Save Cache step in all parallel stages except one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Skip the **Save Cache** step in all parallel stages except one.
```

> Use conditional execution in the Save Cache step to ensure it runs only in one instance of the parallel stages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use conditional execution in the **Save Cache** step to ensure it runs only in one instance of the parallel stages.
```

### What conditional execution user add to the Save Cache step to handle parallel stages?
```
when:
  stageStatus: Success
  condition: <+strategy.iteration> == 0

```

> This ensures the Save Cache step runs only if it's the first instance (iteration 0) of the parallel stages and if the current stage execution is successful.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This ensures the **Save Cache** step runs only if it's the first instance (iteration 0) of the parallel stages and if the current stage execution is successful.
```

### How does caching work when cloning pipelines with Save/Restore Cache steps?

> When user clone a pipeline with caching steps, the cache keys generated by the cloned pipeline use the original pipeline's cache key as a prefix. For instance, if the original cache key is some-cache-key, the cloned pipeline might use some-cache-key2. This prevents accidental interference between cache keys of the original and cloned pipelines.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the user clones a pipeline with caching steps, the cache keys generated by the cloned pipeline use the original pipeline's cache key as a prefix. For instance, if the original cache key is `some-cache-key`, the cloned pipeline might use `some-cache-key2`. This prevents accidental interference between cache keys of the original and cloned pipelines.
```

### How can user ensure correct cache handling when cloning pipelines?

> Enable separators (/) for GCS cache keys by setting PLUGIN_ENABLE_SEPARATOR: true in your pipeline's stage variables.

Reviewer: Is this question specific to **Save Cache to GCS**? If yes, the question need to reflect that.

If aws connector is configured with the Cross account role ARN, so user need to configure the PLUGIN_USER_ROLE_ARN stage variable as suggested in the below doc:
https://developer.harness.io/docs/continuous-integration/use-ci/build-and-upload-artifacts/build-and-push/build-and-push-to-ecr-step-settings/#aws-connector

### Can user import test results from a generic 'mvn clean deploy' Run step into the test Dashboard? Or must use the Unit Test step to display them on that tab?
Yes, you can use the Run step to run your maven command, and upload the test results. There is a field for this in the run step (like in the run tests step). Please see
https://developer.harness.io/docs/continuous-delivery/x-platform-cd-features/cd-steps/containerized-steps/run-step/#report-paths for more information.

The RunTests allow you to not only run your tests, but also to use Test Intelligence to run only unit tests that are relevant to the code changes made, thus cutting down the test cycle time.
 
### how can user add the exclusion for jacoco code coverage report?
pom.xml allows using environment variable references with syntax like below:
 

> `${env. VARIABLE_NAME} `

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`${env.VARIABLE_NAME}`
```
